Dragon Boat Festival

 
   
East Anglia’s Children’s Hospices (EACH) has joined with Gable Events for the ninth Cambridge Dragon Boat Festival. The 2013 Festival takes place on Saturday 7th September on the River Cam at Fen Ditton and is one of the largest and most eagerly anticipated team events in the region. Over 40 crews representing companies, organisations, clubs and groups of friends from all over Cambridgeshire and surrounding areas are expected to battle it out over the 200m race course. They will all be seeking to knock Isleham Fresh Produce from Ely off their pedestal as reigning champions whilst also aiming to beat last year’s impressive event fundraising total of more than £20,000 for EACH.

No previous experience is required to take part in the dragon boat racing, just plenty of team spirit so why not take up the challenge? Thankfully, you don’t need the physical strength of a Steve Redgrave or the athleticism of a Jessica Ennis to be successful as teamwork and timing win the day. The dragon boats, qualified helms and all racing equipment are provided and each crew is guaranteed a minimum of three races. The Festival offers a full day of fun on land as well as water with plenty of activities on the bankside to entertain teams and spectators between races.

EACH supports families and cares for children and young people with life-threatening conditions across Cambridgeshire, Essex, Norfolk and Suffolk. They provide care and support wherever the family wishes – in families’ own homes, in hospital or at one of their hospices in Milton, Ipswich and Quidenham. Debbie Fairhurst, Corporate Fundraiser at EACH, comments: “The money raised through the generosity of the teams taking part in the Dragon Boat Festival is very important to us and will go towards the one-to-one nursing care and support that is so vital to life-threatened local children and their families.” The top fundraisers for EACH will win the charity trophy plus a prize meal courtesy of The Plough at Fen Ditton.

To find out more about the services of East Anglia’s Children’s Hospices call 01223 205180 or visit www.each.org.uk