Brendan Cole dances 007 style on new tour!

Posted on 05 Feb 2013
 

Posted In : Entertainment


Brendan Cole dances 007 style on his new tour 'Licence to Thrill' this February in East Anglia.

As a Professional Dancer on the BBC’s Strictly Come Dancing, Brendan Cole has wowed millions of British television viewers in all 9 and soon to be 10 Series of the BBC’s hit TV show. As well as lifting the winners Trophy with Natasha Kaplinsky back in series one, he has partnered many different television personalities throughout the years.

In 2008 dancing with Lisa Snowdon, they reached the final and despite receiving perfect scores from the judges (something never previously achieved in the show’s history), couldn’t improve on third place. Partnering Kelly Brook in 2007, as potential front-runners with the bookies, the pair went from strength to strength throughout the series. Sadly due to the passing of Kelly’s father they chose to withdraw from the competition to allow Kelly to be with her family. Other partners on the show include Destiny’s Child singer Michelle Williams, former model Jo Wood, TV Presenter Fiona Phillips, actresses Claire King and Sarah Manners and Lulu.

2012 was a big year for James Bond and also saw Strictly Come Dancing hit a purple patch, so it seems inevitable that a theatre show should combine both elements.

In truth, Brendan Cole’s dance show is a little lighter on Bond music than its publicity would suggest. The lively romp between him and partner Lu Lu, through the ballroom and Latin repertoire covers a far greater range of musical styles than one film franchise could offer. Cole’s easy-going banter with the audience, including anecdotes about his newborn baby, suggests that he has left the truculent persona he acquired in Strictly’s first years behind.

Cole is helped by the dancers he has assembled for this show – his brother Scott, Patrick Helm, Melanie Hooper and Crystal Main – all deliver superb performances. But it is Fauve Hautot who stands out, every bit the match for Cole in a range of dance styles, culminating in a beautiful English waltz.

This is the sort of show that serves the Strictly audience better than the official tour of cavernous arena spaces. It also demonstrates Cole’s increasing confidence as an all-round entertainer – even if his singing shows that his Saturday night appearances belong on BBC1 rather than that other show on ITV.

Brendan Cole will tour various venues in East Anglia such as The Milton Keynes Theatre (8th Feb), Norwich Theatre Royal (10th Feb), Cambridge Corn Exchange (14th Feb), Ipswich Regent Theatre (15th Feb) and Southend Cliffs Pavilion (17th Feb).
 