An extraordinary exhibition of photographs by Clare Park opens in Cambridge on May 9th to shine a light on the world of clinical research. The provocative exhibition takes a rare view of the discipline through the eyes of patients and researchers. The photographs capture the unique relationship between patient and doctor and the hope and human spirit wrapped up in research projects.

The Gathering Light exhibition was commissioned by the Joint Research Office at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust (UCLH), with support from UCLH Arts, and first opened at UCH Street Gallery in April 2012. The work is the result of a ground-breaking project in which five clinical researchers and their patients collaborated with award-winning photographer Clare Park to explore their feelings about the challenging journey in clinical research. The focus is on translational research where researchers work to transform scientific discoveries into new treatments that have a direct effect on patient care.

It covers some of the most cutting edge areas of medicine including the development of gene therapy for patients with blood cancers and the study of the effect of exercise and extreme conditions on the body. Translational research is often described as research that takes us from bench to bedside. It is very much like a journey from basic science in the laboratory to the ultimate purpose of research - patient treatments. For some patients getting involved in research can be a way of finding hope and purpose. For others it is a way of helping future generations. For researchers the process can be perplexing, exciting or sometimes even gruelling.

Alongside Gathering Light, Clare is also showing some images from her previous exhibition at the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, titled Breaking Form: Buz and Parkinson's. This is an on-going collaborative project with a UCLH patient and his family exploring the impact of Parkinson's disease. The images exhibited are part of the narrative photographic study developed over the past two decades within a context of their personal lives and shared professional backgrounds of theatre, movement and dance. The two photographs that won both the Royal Photographic Society's 153rd International Print Exhibition and the British Heart Foundation's competition Red for Heart will also be shown.

Please join us for the Open Evening with Clare Park and Councillor Sheila Stuart, the Mayor of Cambridge, on Thursday 09 May 2013, 5pm-8pm. 
Download Invitation